START austin texas committee approval of gov. price UNK abandoned property act seemed certain thursday despite the UNK protests of texas bankers STOP 
START daniel personally led the fight for the measure which he had UNK down considerably since its rejection by two previous UNK in a public hearing before the house committee on revenue and taxation STOP 
START under committee rules it went automatically to a UNK for one week STOP 
START but questions with which committee members UNK bankers appearing as witnesses left little doubt that they will recommend passage of it STOP 
START daniel termed extremely conservative his estimate that it would produce 17 million dollars to help UNK an anticipated deficit of UNK million dollars at the end of the current fiscal year next aug. 31 STOP 
START he told the committee the measure would merely provide means of UNK the UNK law which has been on the books since texas was a republic STOP 
START it permits the state to take over bank accounts stocks and other personal property of persons missing for seven years or more STOP 
START the bill which daniel said he UNK personally would force banks insurance firms UNK companies and other corporations to report such property to the state treasurer STOP 
START the UNK law cannot be enforced now because it is almost impossible to locate such property daniel declared STOP 
START UNK lawrence a UNK lawyer representing the texas bankers association sounded the opposition UNK when he said it would force banks to UNK their UNK obligations with UNK and UNK the confidence of bank customers STOP 
START if you destroy confidence in banks you do something to the economy he said STOP 
START you take out of circulation many millions of dollars STOP 
START rep. charles e. hughes of sherman sponsor of the bill said a failure to UNK it would amount to making a gift out of the UNK pockets to banks insurance and UNK companies STOP 
START his UNK was denied by several bankers including scott hudson of sherman UNK b. jones of houston j. b. UNK of UNK and howard UNK of austin STOP 
START UNK argued that the bill is probably UNK since he said it would UNK contracts STOP 
START he also complained that not enough notice was given on the hearing since the bill was introduced only last monday STOP 
START austin texas UNK unanimously approved thursday the bill of sen. george UNK of dallas UNK establishment of day schools for the deaf in dallas and the four other largest counties STOP 
START the bill is designed to provide special UNK for more deaf students in the UNK age at a reduced cost to the state STOP 
START there was no debate as the senate passed the bill on to the house STOP 
START it would UNK the texas education agency to establish UNK day schools for the deaf in counties of UNK or more population require deaf children between 6 and 13 years of age to attend the day schools UNK older ones to attend the residential texas school for the deaf here STOP 
START operating budget for the day schools in the five counties of dallas harris UNK UNK and el paso would be UNK which would be a savings of UNK yearly after the first year's capital UNK of UNK was absorbed UNK told the senate STOP 
START the tea estimated there would be UNK UNK to attend the day school in dallas county saving them from coming to austin to live in the state deaf school STOP 
START dallas may get to hear a debate on horse race UNK soon between UNK v. e. red UNK and joe UNK STOP 
START while details are still to be worked out UNK said he expects to tell home folks in dallas why he thinks UNK proposed constitutional amendment should be rejected STOP 
START we're getting more pro letters than UNK on horse race UNK said UNK STOP 
START but i believe if people were better informed on this question most of them would oppose it also STOP 
START i'm willing to stake my political career on it STOP 
START rep. UNK an UNK from san UNK got elected on his UNK of UNK on the UNK STOP 
START a house committee which heard his local UNK proposal is expected to give it a favorable report although the resolution faces hard UNK later STOP 
START the house passed finally and sent to the senate a bill extending the state health department's authority to give planning assistance to cities STOP 
START the senate quickly whipped through its UNK UNK of house bills approved by committees passing the three on the calendar STOP 
START one UNK acts of school districts STOP 
START another UNK authority of the UNK UNK district STOP 
START the third amended the enabling act for creation of the UNK county hospital district for which a special constitutional amendment previously was adopted STOP 
START without UNK UNK passed a bill by sen. a. r. UNK of UNK UNK establishment in the future of a school for the mentally UNK in the gulf coast district STOP 
START money for its construction will be sought later on but in the meantime the state hospital board can accept gifts and UNK of a site STOP 
START two tax UNK bills were passed STOP 
START one by sen. louis UNK of san UNK would aid more than UNK UNK who pay a group of UNK UNK taxes by eliminating the requirement that each return be UNK STOP 
START instead UNK would sign a UNK of UNK violation of which would carry a penalty of one to five years in prison plus a $1,000 fine STOP 
START it was one of a series of recommendations by the texas research league STOP 
START the other bill by sen. a. m. UNK jr. of paris would relieve real estate UNK who pay their own annual UNK fee from the UNK annual occupation license on UNK in such as stocks and bonds STOP 
START natural gas public utility companies would be given the right of UNK UNK under a bill by sen. frank owen 3 of el paso to acquire sites for underground storage UNK for gas STOP 
START marshall UNK of UNK former chairman of the texas highway commission suggested a plan to fill by appointment future UNK in the legislature and congress eliminating the need for costly special elections STOP 
START under UNK plan an UNK would be selected by a board composed of the governor lieutenant governor speaker of the house attorney general and chief justice of the texas supreme court STOP 
START austin texas state representatives decided thursday against taking a UNK on what kind of taxes UNK would prefer to pay STOP 
START an adverse vote of UNK to 65 kept in the state affairs committee a bill which would order the UNK on the april 4 ballot when texas votes on a u.s. senator STOP 
START rep. UNK roberts of UNK sponsor of the UNK idea said that further delay in the committee can kill the bill STOP 
START the west UNK reported that he had finally gotten chairman bill UNK of the committee to set it for public hearing on feb. 22 STOP 
START the proposal would have to receive final legislative approval by two-thirds UNK before march 1 to be printed on the april 4 ballot roberts said STOP 
START opponents generally argued that the ballot couldn't give enough information about tax proposals for the voters to make an intelligent choice STOP 
START all dallas members voted with roberts except rep. bill jones who was absent STOP 
START austin texas paradise lost to the UNK water needs of UNK big cities thursday STOP 
START rep. james UNK of UNK insisted that a water development bill passed by the texas house of representatives was an effort by big cities like dallas and fort worth to cover up places like paradise a wise county UNK of 250 people STOP 
START when the shouting ended the bill passed UNK to 4 sending it to the senate where a similar proposal is being sponsored by sen. george UNK of dallas STOP 
START most of the fire was directed by UNK against dallas and sen. UNK STOP 
START the bill would increase from UNK to UNK the maximum loan the state could make to a local water project STOP 
START UNK UNK this as a UNK effort by UNK to help dallas and other large cities get money which UNK felt could better be spent providing water for rural texas STOP 
START statements by other legislators that dallas is paying for all its water program by local bonds and that less UNK places would benefit most by the pending bill did not UNK UNK attack STOP 
START the UNK UNK were mostly UNK legislators like j. w. UNK of UNK UNK UNK de la UNK of mission sam f. UNK of UNK and joe UNK of UNK springs STOP 
START this is a poor boy's bill said UNK STOP 
START dallas and fort worth can vote bonds STOP 
START this would help the little UNK districts STOP 
START austin texas a houston teacher now serving in the legislature proposed thursday a law reducing the time spent learning educational methods STOP 
START rep. henry c. UNK who teaches history in the houston public schools would reduce from 24 to 12 UNK hours the so-called teaching methods courses required to obtain a junior or senior high school teaching UNK STOP 
START a normal year's work in college is 30 UNK hours STOP 
START UNK also would require UNK high teachers to have at least 24 UNK hours credit in the subject they are teaching STOP 
START the remainder of the UNK college requirement would be in general subjects STOP 
START a person with a UNK degree in physics chemistry UNK or english yet who has not taken education courses is not permitted to teach in the public schools said UNK STOP 
START college teachers in texas are not required to have the education courses STOP 
START UNK of the UNK representatives immediately joined UNK as UNK of the proposal STOP 
START paris texas UNK the board of UNK of paris junior college has named dr. UNK charles clark of UNK UNK as the UNK new president STOP 
START dr. clark will succeed dr. j. r. UNK who will UNK at the close of the present school term STOP 
START dr. clark holds an earned doctor of education degree from the university of oklahoma STOP 
START he also received a master of science degree from texas a i college and a UNK of science degree from UNK state college UNK UNK STOP 
START in addition dr. clark has studied at rhode island state college and massachusetts institute of technology STOP 
START during his college career dr. clark was captain of his UNK team and was a football UNK STOP 
START dr. clark has served as teacher and principal in oklahoma high schools as teacher and athletic director at UNK texas high school as an UNK at the university of oklahoma and as an associate professor of education at fort UNK UNK state college STOP 
START he has served as a border patrolman and was in the signal corps of the u.s. army STOP 
START UNK texas UNK UNK of the 13 schools in the UNK independent school district have been UNK for the UNK session upon the recommendation of UNK UNK o. UNK STOP 
START state and federal legislation against racial discrimination in employment was called for yesterday in a report of a blue ribbon citizens committee on the aid to dependent children program STOP 
START the report UNK a year long study of the UNK program in cook county by a new york city welfare consulting firm listed 10 long range recommendations designed to reduce the UNK UNK case load STOP 
START the report called racial discrimination in employment one of the most serious causes of family breakdown UNK and UNK UNK STOP 
START must solve problem the monthly cost of UNK to more than UNK UNK in the county is UNK million dollars said c. UNK martin president of UNK UNK scott co. committee chairman STOP 
START we must solve the problems which have forced these people to depend upon UNK for UNK martin said STOP 
START the volume of UNK cases will decrease martin reported when the community is able to deal effectively with two problems relatively limited skills and discrimination in employment because of color STOP 
START these he said are two of the principal underlying causes for family UNK leading to UNK STOP 
START calls for extension other recommendations made by the committee are extension of the UNK program to all children in need living with any relatives including both parents as a means of UNK family unity STOP 
START research projects as soon as possible on the causes and prevention of UNK and UNK STOP 
