START vincent g. UNK has been appointed temporary assistant district attorney it was announced monday by charles e. raymond district attorney STOP 
START UNK will replace UNK d. UNK who has been called to active military service but is expected back on the job by march 31 STOP 
START UNK 29 has been practicing in portland since november 1959 STOP 
START he is a graduate of portland university and the UNK college of law STOP 
START he is married and the father of three children STOP 
START helping foreign countries to build a sound political structure is more important than UNK them economically e. m. martin assistant secretary of state for economic affairs told members of the world affairs council monday night STOP 
START martin who has been in office in washington d. c. for 13 months spoke at the UNK annual meeting at the UNK hotel STOP 
START he told some UNK persons that the united UNK challenge was to help countries build their own societies their own ways following their own paths STOP 
START we must persuade them to enjoy a way of life which if not identical is UNK with ours he said but adding that if they do not develop the kind of society they themselves want it will lack UNK and loyalty STOP 
START patience needed UNK that the countries have a freedom of choice he said was the biggest UNK to the soviet union STOP 
START he cited east germany where after 15 years of soviet rule it has become necessary to build a wall to keep the people in and added so long as people rebel we must not give up STOP 
START martin called for patience on the part of americans STOP 
START the countries are trying to build in a decade the kind of society we took a century to build he said STOP 
START by leaving our doors open the united states gives other peoples the opportunity to see us and to compare he said STOP 
START individual help best we have no reason to fear failure but we must be UNK patient the assistant secretary said STOP 
START economically martin said the united states could best help foreign countries by helping them help themselves STOP 
START private business is more effective than government aid he explained because individuals are able to work with the people themselves STOP 
START the united states must plan to absorb the UNK goods of the country at what he termed a social cost STOP 
START martin said the government has been working to establish UNK prices on primary products which may involve the total income of one country STOP 
START the portland school board was asked monday to take a positive stand towards developing and UNK with UNK civil defense more plans for the city's schools in event of attack STOP 
START but there seemed to be some difference of opinion as to how far the board should go and whose advice it should follow STOP 
START the board members after hearing the coordination plea from mrs. ralph h. UNK UNK UNK UNK dr. said they thought they had already been UNK STOP 
START chairman c. richard UNK pointed out that perhaps this was not strictly a school board problem in case of atomic attack but that the board would cooperate so far as possible to get the children to where the parents wanted them to go STOP 
START dr. UNK w. UNK superintendent said he thought the schools were waiting for some leadership perhaps on the national level to make sure that whatever steps of planning they took would be more UNK and that he had found that other school districts were not as far along in their planning as this district STOP 
START los angeles has said they would send the children to their homes in case of disaster he said STOP 
START nobody really expects to UNK STOP 
START i think everybody is agreed that we need to hear some voice on the national level that would make some sense and in which we would have some confidence in following STOP 
START mrs. UNK who kept UNK her request that they please take a stand said we must have faith in somebody on the local level and it wouldn't be possible for everyone to rush to a school to get their children STOP 
START dr. UNK said that there seemed to be feeling that UNK plans even for a high school where there were lots of cars might not be realistic and would not work STOP 
START mrs. UNK asked again that the board join in taking a stand in keeping with jack UNK program STOP 
START the board said it thought it had gone as far as instructed so far and asked for more information to be brought at the next meeting STOP 
START it was generally agreed that the subject was important and the board should be informed on what was done is going to be done and what it thought should be done STOP 
START salem ap the statewide meeting of war mothers tuesday in salem will hear a UNK from gov. mark UNK STOP 
START UNK also is scheduled to hold a public united nations day reception in the state capitol on tuesday STOP 
START his schedule calls for a noon speech monday in eugene at the UNK empire UNK club STOP 
START he will speak to UNK university young republicans thursday night in salem STOP 
START on friday he will go to portland for the UNK in of dean UNK as UNK county circuit judge STOP 
START he will attend a meeting of the republican state central committee saturday in portland and see the UNK football game STOP 
START UNK school district no. UNK board members examined UNK and UNK for two proposed junior high schools at a monday night workshop session STOP 
START a bond issue which would have provided some UNK million for construction of the two UNK schools was defeated by district voters in january STOP 
START last week the board by a 4 to 3 vote decided to ask voters whether they prefer the UNK junior high school system or the UNK system STOP 
START board members indicated monday night this would be done by an advisory UNK to be taken on nov. 15 the same date as a UNK bond election for the construction of three new elementary schools STOP 
START secretary of labor arthur UNK will speak sunday night at the UNK temple at a UNK dinner UNK sen. wayne l. morse aj STOP 
START the dinner is sponsored by organized labor and is scheduled for 7 p.m. STOP 
START secretary UNK and sen. morse will hold a joint press conference at the roosevelt hotel at UNK p.m. sunday UNK UNK executive secretary of the democratic party of oregon reported tuesday STOP 
START other speakers for the UNK dinner include UNK UNK green and al UNK labor commissioner norman UNK and mayor UNK UNK all democrats STOP 
START oak grove special three positions on the oak lodge water district board of directors have attracted 11 candidates STOP 
START the election will be dec. 4 from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. STOP 
START UNK will be in the water office STOP 
START UNK richard UNK UNK UNK and is opposed by donald UNK for the UNK term STOP 
START UNK william UNK is opposed in his UNK bid by UNK UNK miles c. UNK and frank lee STOP 
START five candidates seek the place UNK by secretary UNK g. UNK STOP 
START seeking this UNK term are james UNK dwight m. UNK james c. UNK UNK UNK and theodore w. UNK STOP 
START a stronger stand on their beliefs and a UNK grasp on their future were taken friday by delegates to the UNK general council of the assemblies of god in session at the memorial UNK STOP 
START the council revised in an effort to strengthen the UNK 16 basic beliefs adopted in UNK STOP 
START the changes unanimously adopted were felt necessary in the face of modern trends away from the bible STOP 
START the council agreed it should more firmly state its belief in and dependence on the bible STOP 
START at the UNK the rev. t. f. UNK general superintendent commented the assemblies of god has been a UNK for UNK in these modern days and has without compromise stood for the great UNK of the bible for which men in the past have been willing to give their lives STOP 
START new point added many changes involved minor UNK and UNK the first belief stood for entire UNK with a new third point added to the list STOP 
START the first of 16 beliefs of the UNK now reads the scriptures both old and new testament are UNK inspired of god and are the revelation of god to man the UNK UNK rule of faith and conduct STOP 
START the third belief in six points UNK the UNK of the lord jesus christ and UNK the virgin birth the UNK life of christ his UNK his UNK work on the cross his UNK UNK from the dead and his UNK to the right hand of god STOP 
START UNK again elected friday afternoon the rev. t. f. UNK was UNK for his second UNK UNK term as general superintendent of assemblies of god STOP 
START his offices are in UNK UNK STOP 
START election came on the UNK ballot STOP 
START friday night the delegates heard the need for their forthcoming program UNK scheduled to fill the churches for the next two years STOP 
START in his opening address wednesday the rev. mr. UNK urged the delegates to consider a UNK expansion program with UNK the theme for the first two years STOP 
START the rev. r. l. UNK national secretary of the home missions department stressed the need for the first two UNK work STOP 
START surveys show that one out of three americans has vital contact with the church STOP 
START this means that more than 100 million have no vital touch with the church or religious life he told delegates friday STOP 
START church loses pace talking of the rapid population growth UNK of UNK babies born daily with an UNK entering the united states every UNK minutes he said our organization has not been keeping pace with this challenge STOP 
START in 35 years we have opened UNK churches the rev. mr. UNK said adding that the UNK had a national goal of one church for every 10,000 persons STOP 
START in this light we need 1,000 churches in illinois where we have 200 in southern new england we have 60 need 100 in rhode island we have none he said STOP 
START to step up the UNK program the rev. mr. UNK suggested the vision of UNK new assemblies of god churches in the next 10 years STOP 
START to accomplish this would UNK some changes in methods he said STOP 
START church meets change the UNK ability to change her methods is going to determine her ability to meet the challenge of this hour STOP 
START a UNK view of proposed plans includes encouraging by every means all existing assemblies of god churches to start new churches STOP 
START UNK mature experienced men to pioneer or open new churches in strategic population centers STOP 
START surrounding pioneer UNK with vocational volunteers UNK who will be urged to move into the area of new churches in the interest of UNK their support to the new project STOP 
START arranging for UNK graduates to spend from UNK months as UNK in UNK churches STOP 
START u.s. UNK judge charles l. powell denied all motions made by defense UNK monday in UNK insurance UNK trial STOP 
START UNK were of motions of UNK UNK UNK separate trial UNK striking of testimony and directed verdict STOP 
START in UNK motions for UNK judge powell stated that mass trials have been UNK as proper in other courts and that a person may join a conspiracy without knowing who all of the UNK are STOP 
START attorney dwight l. UNK in behalf of UNK philip UNK argued there is no evidence UNK UNK to the conspiracy but judge powell declared this is a matter for the jury to decide STOP 
START proof lack charged UNK also declared there is no proof of UNK entering a conspiracy to use the u.s. UNK to UNK to which federal UNK a. lawrence UNK replied it is not necessary that a UNK actually have UNK to use the u.s. UNK to UNK as long as there is evidence of a conspiracy and the UNK were then used to carry it out STOP 
START in the afternoon defense UNK began the presentation of their cases with opening statements some of which had been UNK until after the government had called witnesses and presented its case STOP 
