START for crucial encounter one of the initial questions put to president kennedy at his first news conference last january was about his attitude toward a meeting with premier khrushchev STOP 
START mr. kennedy replied i'm hopeful that from more traditional UNK we can perhaps find greater common ground STOP 
START the president knew that a confrontation with mr. khrushchev sooner or later probably was inevitable and even desirable STOP 
START but he was convinced that the realities of power military economic and ideological were the decisive factors in the struggle with the communists and that these could not be talked away at a heads of government meeting STOP 
START he wanted to buy time to strengthen the u. s. and its allies and to define and begin to UNK his foreign policy STOP 
START last friday the white house announced president kennedy will meet with soviet premier UNK s. khrushchev in vienna june 3 and 4 STOP 
START the announcement came after a period of sharp UNK in UNK relations STOP 
START the UNK tension in fact had been a major factor in the president's change of view about the urgency of a meeting with the soviet leader STOP 
START he was not going to vienna to UNK the UNK UNK in washington and moscow last week stressed that no formal negotiations were planned STOP 
START but mr. kennedy had become convinced that a personal confrontation with mr. khrushchev might be the only way to prevent catastrophe STOP 
START that objective set the high UNK and drama of the vienna meeting STOP 
START despite efforts by washington last week to play down the significance of the meeting it clearly was going to be one of the crucial UNK of the cold war STOP 
START road to vienna the u. s. and soviet heads of government have met three times since sir winston churchill in 1953 introduced a new word into international diplomacy with his call for a fresh approach to the problem of peace at the summit of the nations STOP 
START the first time was in 1955 when a UNK big four summit meeting produced the spirit of geneva STOP 
START the spirit served chiefly to UNK the west while moscow made UNK into the middle east STOP 
START in 1959 president eisenhower and premier khrushchev held an informal session in the u. s. STOP 
START that meeting produced the spirit of camp david a spirit it later turned out that UNK a basic misunderstanding about progress toward a berlin settlement STOP 
START on the third occasion another big four summit session at paris a year ago there was no problem of an UNK spirit STOP 
START premier khrushchev UNK the conference at its initial session with a bitter UNK of the u. s. for the UNK incident STOP 
START the episode tended to confirm the u. s. belief that propaganda the hope of UNK UNK and the chance to split the allies rather than genuine UNK were the soviet UNK real aims in UNK STOP 
START UNK position thus when premier khrushchev UNK even before UNK that he hoped for an early meeting with the new president mr. kennedy was confronted with a delicate problem STOP 
START shortly before his nomination he had set forth his basic view about the problem of negotiations with the soviet leader in these words as long as mr. khrushchev is convinced that the balance of world power is shifting his way no amount of either smiles or UNK neither camp david talks nor kitchen UNK can UNK him to enter UNK negotiations STOP 
START the president had set for himself the task which he believed vital of UNK the u. s. and its allies to the hard and complex effort necessary to shift that balance STOP 
START he did not want the effort UNK by any illusion that summit magic might make it unnecessary STOP 
START he wanted time too to review the united UNK UNK commitments and to test both the policies he had inherited and new ones he was UNK STOP 
START above all he did not want to appear to be running hat in hand to premier khrushchev's UNK STOP 
START attitude flexible at the same time the president took pains not to rule out an eventual meeting with the soviet leader STOP 
START UNK he knew it should be preceded by concrete progress at lower levels STOP 
START but mr. kennedy saw value even in an informal meeting provided that undue hopes were not raised in connection with it STOP 
START it would give him an opportunity to take the measure of his chief UNK in the cold war to try to UNK mr. khrushchev's intentions and to make clear his own views STOP 
START moreover an eventual meeting was desirable if for no other reason than to satisfy world opinion that the u. s. was not UNK and was UNK no effort to ease international tensions STOP 
START both elements the caution about a meeting the willingness eventually to hold one were reflected in a letter from the president which ambassador UNK e. thompson brought back to russia late in february STOP 
START the letter dated feb. 22 was delivered to premier khrushchev in UNK UNK on march 9 STOP 
START it dealt mainly with a broad range of UNK issues STOP 
START but it also briefly suggested the possibility of a meeting with mr. khrushchev before the end of the year if the international climate were favorable and UNK permitted STOP 
START developments over the next two months however caused the president to UNK the question of the timing STOP 
START there were intense discussions in the inner UNK of the white house about the UNK of an early meeting not because the international climate was improving but precisely because it was UNK UNK STOP 
START UNK on tests the president was especially concerned about the UNK in the nuclear test UNK negotiations at geneva STOP 
START the UNK has been caused by the UNK new demand for a UNK east west and neutral UNK and thus a UNK over the control machinery STOP 
START in the u. s. strong pressures have been building up for a UNK of tests on grounds that the russians may be UNK testing STOP 
START mr. kennedy was less troubled by that possibility than by the belief that a geneva breakdown or even continued UNK would mean an UNK spread of nuclear weapons to other countries as well as a fatal blow to any hope for disarmament STOP 
START there was reason to believe that premier khrushchev was also concerned about a possible spread of nuclear weapons particularly to communist china STOP 
START the question arose as to whether a frank discussion of that danger with the soviet leader had not become urgent STOP 
START moreover moscow appeared determined to apply the UNK UNK principle to the executive organs of all international bodies including the u. n. UNK and the international control commission for laos STOP 
START mr. kennedy was convinced that insistence on the demand would make international agreements or even negotiations impossible STOP 
START developments in cuba and laos also suggested the UNK of an early summit meeting STOP 
START initially the white house reaction was that the bitter UNK with moscow over cuba and the conflict in laos had UNK prospects for a meeting STOP 
START at the same time there was increased reason for a quick meeting lest the soviet leader as a result of those UNK come to a UNK UNK conclusion about the UNK ability and determination to resist communist pressure STOP 
START in cuba the u. s. had UNK badly and created the impression of UNK against communist penetration even on its own UNK STOP 
START in laos the picture was almost equally bad STOP 
START u. s. willingness to accept a neutral laos may have led premier khrushchev to believe that other areas could be UNK on soviet terms STOP 
START beyond that allied disagreement about military intervention in laos despite UNK that they might do so allowed moscow to carry out with UNK a series of military and diplomatic moves that greatly UNK the UNK forces STOP 
START as a result the west is in a poor bargaining position at the current geneva negotiations on laos and south UNK and other nations in southeast asia are under increased pressure STOP 
START in the light of those events there appeared to be a real danger that premier khrushchev might UNK himself STOP 
START ambassador thompson reported from moscow that the soviet UNK mood was UNK and aggressive STOP 
START he has indicated that he plans new moves on berlin before the year is out STOP 
START the president and his advisers felt that the time might have come to warn premier khrushchev against a grave UNK in areas such as berlin UNK or latin america from which there would be no turning back STOP 
START it was in the midst of such white house UNK that premier khrushchev on may 4 made new inquiries through the u. s. embassy in moscow about a meeting with the president in the near future STOP 
START mr. kennedy told moscow he would give his answer by may 20 after UNK with the allies STOP 
START the response from london paris and UNK was favorable STOP 
START firm arrangements for the meeting in vienna were worked out in a final exchange between moscow and washington last week STOP 
START apparently at the insistence of the u. s. the UNK UNK issued in washington and moscow last friday emphasized the informal nature of the meeting STOP 
START the washington announcement said the president and chairman khrushchev understand that this meeting is not for the purpose of UNK or reaching agreement on the major international problems that involve the interest of many other countries STOP 
START the meeting will however afford a UNK and convenient opportunity for the first personal contact between them and a general exchange of views on the major issues which affect the relationships between the two countries STOP 
START the outlook the vienna meeting will bring together a UNK UNK veteran of the cold war who in mr. kennedy's own words is UNK tough vigorous UNK and confident and a UNK president his birthday is may 29 with a demonstrated capacity for political battle but little experience in international diplomacy STOP 
START the announcement last week of the forthcoming encounter produced strong reactions in the u. s. of both approval and disapproval STOP 
START the approval did not arise from an expectation of UNK agreements at vienna STOP 
START the UNK was to accept the statement that there would be no formal negotiations STOP 
START but those who were in favor of the meeting felt that a frank exchange between the two men and an opportunity to size one another up would prove UNK STOP 
START mr. khrushchev is known to rely heavily on his UNK about his UNK and to be a UNK judge of men STOP 
START the feeling was that he would sense an inner core of UNK and determination in the president and that plain talk by mr. kennedy would give him pause STOP 
START apart from the personal equation another reason advanced in favor of the meeting was that too often in the past the u.s. appeared to have been dragged UNK to the summit STOP 
START premier khrushchev has made propaganda capital out of that fact and in the end got his summit meeting anyway STOP 
START this time the initiative came in part at least from washington STOP 
START other allies consulted there was also the fact that by the time he meets mr. khrushchev the president will have completed UNK with all the other principal allied leaders STOP 
START thus he will be in a position to UNK the soviet leader of any notions he may have about grave allied UNK STOP 
START finally there was a wide area of agreement on the value of the president's making a final effort in the summit UNK for a nuclear test UNK STOP 
START there is no single issue that has aroused stronger feelings throughout the world STOP 
START if tests are to be resumed the argument went it is vital that the u. s. make plain that the UNK belongs to the soviet union STOP 
START disapproval of the meeting was based largely on the belief that the timing could hardly be worse STOP 
START after cuba and laos it was argued mr. khrushchev will interpret the president's consent to the meeting as further evidence of western weakness perhaps even panic and is certain to try to UNK the advantage he now believes he holds STOP 
START moreover the president is meeting the soviet leader at a time when the administration has still not decided on the scope of america's firm foreign policy commitments STOP 
START the question was raised for example as to what attitude the president would take if mr. khrushchev UNK a broad neutral belt extending from southeast asia to the middle east STOP 
