START mr. UNK STOP 
START UNK speaker for several years now the UNK railroads serving our large metropolitan areas have found it increasingly difficult to render the kind of service our expanding population wants and is entitled to have STOP 
START the causes of the decline of the UNK railroads are many and complex high taxes losses of revenue to government UNK highway and air carriers to name but two STOP 
START and the solutions to the problems of the UNK lines have been equally varied ranging all the way from government ownership to complete UNK of this important service STOP 
START there have been a number of sound plans proposed STOP 
START but none of these has been UNK STOP 
START instead we have stood UNK by watched our UNK railroad service decline and have failed to offer a helping hand STOP 
START though the number of people flowing in and out of our metropolitan areas each day has increased UNK since world war 2 total annual rail UNK dropped UNK million for 1947 to 1957 STOP 
START nowhere has this decline been more painfully evident than in the new york city area STOP 
START here the new york central railroad one of the nation's most important carriers has alone lost UNK percent of its passengers since 1949 STOP 
START at this time of crisis in our nation's UNK railroads a new threat to the continued operations of the new york central has appeared in the form of the UNK ohio UNK proposal for control of the baltimore ohio railroads STOP 
START the new york central has pointed out that this control if approved by the interstate commerce commission would give the combined c. o. b. o. railroad a total of UNK points served in common with the new york central STOP 
START not only is this kind of UNK UNK but it gives the combined system the ability to take freight traffic away from the new york central and other railroads serving the area STOP 
START the new york central notes the freight traffic most UNK to UNK by the c. o. b. o. provides the UNK of UNK revenues STOP 
START these revenues make it possible to provide essential freight and passenger service over the entire new york central system as well as the new york area UNK and terminal freight services STOP 
START if these services are to be maintained the new york central must have the revenues to make them possible STOP 
START the new york central today UNK 60 percent of all UNK UNK traffic coming into new york city STOP 
START this is a UNK million operation involving UNK employees who work on UNK traffic exclusively STOP 
START a blow to this phase of the UNK operations would have serious economic consequences not only to the railroad itself but to the UNK people per day who are provided with efficient reasonably UNK transportation in and out of the city STOP 
START there is a UNK alternative to this UNK dangerous and UNK c. o. b. o. merger scheme the central has pointed out STOP 
START the logic of creating a strong balanced competitive UNK railroad service in the east is so obvious that b. o. was publicly committed to the approach UNK here STOP 
START detailed studies of the plan were well UNK STOP 
START though far from completion these studies indicated beyond a doubt that savings would result which would be of unprecedented benefit to the railroads concerned their investors their customers their UNK and to the public at large STOP 
START then UNK the studies in the face of their promising outlook for all concerned b. o. entered UNK negotiations with c. o. which resulted in the present situation STOP 
START in the light of the facts at hand however new york central UNK to pursue the objective of helping to create a healthy UNK eastern railroad structure in the public interest STOP 
START the interstate commerce commission will UNK its UNK on the proposed c. o. b. o. merger on june 18 STOP 
START obviously the interstate commerce commission will not force the new york central to further UNK its UNK operations by giving undue competitive advantages to the lines that wish to UNK STOP 
START however there is a more profound consideration to this proposed merger than profit and loss STOP 
START that is will it serve the long-range public interest the past 40 years congress has UNK a carefully planned balanced and competitive railway system STOP 
START we must ask ourselves which of the two alternatives will help the UNK the UNK b. o. c. o. merger or the UNK new york central b. o. c. o. merger STOP 
START which will serve not only the best interest of the stockholders but the interests of all the traveling public UNK STOP 
START UNK speaker i rise today to pay tribute to a great newspaper the new york times on the occasion of a major change in its top executive command STOP 
START arthur UNK UNK has been a distinguished UNK of this distinguished newspaper and it is fitting that we take due notice of his major contribution to american journalism on the occasion of his retirement STOP 
START i am pleased to note that mr. UNK will continue to serve as chairman of the board of the new york times STOP 
START mr. UNK successor as UNK is mr. UNK e. UNK who is president of the new york times co. and who has been with the times since 1942 STOP 
START mr. UNK outstanding career as a UNK UNK that the high standards which have made the times one of the world's great newspapers will be maintained STOP 
START i am also pleased to note that mr. john b. UNK a member of the times staff since 1946 has been appointed as editorial page editor STOP 
START mr. UNK UNK charles UNK editor since UNK who now becomes editor UNK STOP 
START i should like at this time mr. speaker to pay warm tribute to arthur UNK UNK and charles UNK on the occasion of their retirement from distinguished careers in american journalism STOP 
START my UNK UNK go to their UNK UNK e. UNK and john b. UNK who can be counted upon to sustain the UNK tradition of the new york times STOP 
START the people of the UNK district of new york and i as their representative in congress take great pride in the new york times as one of the great and UNK newspapers of the world STOP 
START mr. UNK STOP 
START UNK speaker in my latest UNK to my UNK i urged the UNK of a naval blockade of cuba as the only effective method of UNK continued soviet UNK from coming into the western hemisphere in violation of the monroe doctrine STOP 
START yesterday i had the privilege of reading a thoughtful article in the u.s. news world report of may 8 which discussed this type of action in more detail including both its advantages and its UNK STOP 
START under leave to extend my remarks i include the relevant portion of my UNK together with the text of the article from the u.s. news world report your congressman samuel s. UNK reports from washington may 1 1961 STOP 
START UNK UNK whatever may have been the UNK resulting from the UNK attempt of the cuban rebels to establish a UNK on the UNK mainland last week there was at least one positive benefit and that was the UNK revelation to the whole world of the complete conversion of cuba into a UNK military base STOP 
START in fact one of the major reasons for the failure of the UNK expedition appears to have been a lack of full information on the extent to which cuba has been getting this russian military equipment STOP 
START somehow the pictures and stories of soviet UNK tanks on cuban beaches and russian UNK jet fighters UNK rebel troops has brought home to all of us the UNK UNK truth of what it means to have a russian military base 90 miles away from home STOP 
START russian tanks and planes in cuba UNK the security of the united states UNK the monroe doctrine and threaten the security of every other latin american republic STOP 
START once the full extent of this russian military penetration of cuba was clear president kennedy announced we would take whatever action was appropriate to prevent this even if we had to go it alone STOP 
START but the latin american UNK who have been rather inclined to drag their feet on taking action against castro also reacted swiftly last week by finally throwing cuba off the UNK defense board STOP 
START for years the united states had been trying to get these countries to UNK UNK representative from secret military talks STOP 
START but it took the pictures of the UNK and the UNK tanks to do the job STOP 
START there is a new atmosphere of urgency in washington this week STOP 
START you can see it for example in the extensive efforts president kennedy has made to UNK solid UNK support for his actions toward both cuba and laos as i see it which are being directed by the way toward support for future actions not for those already past STOP 
START what the next move will be only time of course will tell STOP 
START personally i think we ought to set up an immediate naval blockade of cuba STOP 
START we simply can't UNK further russian weapons including the possibility of long-range nuclear missiles being located in cuba STOP 
START obviously we can't stop them from coming in however just by talk STOP 
START a naval blockade would be thoroughly in line with the monroe doctrine would be a relatively simple operation to carry out and would bring an abrupt end to soviet penetration of our hemisphere STOP 
START from u.s. news world report may 8 1961 next for cuba an arms blockade at castro now UNK than ever with arms and agents to threaten the UNK STOP 
START how can the united states act is one answer offered by experts STOP 
START in it they see a way to UNK cuba stop UNK maybe finish castro too STOP 
START this is the question now facing president kennedy how to put a stop to the soviet UNK in cuba and to communist UNK of this hemisphere april 25 the white house reported that a total UNK of remaining u.s. trade with cuba was being considered STOP 
START its aim to UNK further UNK economy STOP 
START UNK castro STOP 
START another strategy UNK and UNK was also UNK notice in washington a naval and air blockade to cut cuba off from the world destroy castro STOP 
START blockade in the view of military and civilian experts could UNK teeth to the monroe doctrine STOP 
START it could UNK a flood of communist arms and strategic supplies now reaching castro STOP 
START it could stop cuban UNK of guns and propaganda materials to south america STOP 
START it would be the most severe UNK short of declared war that the united states could UNK against castro STOP 
START it is the strategy of blockade therefore that is suddenly at the center of attention of administration officials members of congress officers in the pentagon STOP 
START as a possible course of action it also is the center of debate and is raising many questions STOP 
START among these questions what would a cuba blockade take experts say a tight naval blockade off cuban UNK and at the approaches to cuban waters would require two naval task forces each built around an aircraft UNK with a complement of about 100 planes and several UNK STOP 
START the navy on april 25 announced it is bringing back the UNK UNK from the UNK increasing to four the number of attack carriers in the UNK of cuba STOP 
START more than UNK other big navy ships are no less than a day's sailing time away STOP 
START to round out the UNK force submarines would be needed to locate identify and track approaching vessels STOP 
START UNK radar would help with this task STOP 
START so would radar UNK ships STOP 
START a UNK of navy UNK and another of long-range patrol planes would add support to the UNK task forces STOP 
START three requirements go with a blockade it must be UNK UNK force must be powerful enough to UNK it it must be enforced without discrimination STOP 
START once these conditions of international law are met countries that try to run the blockade do so at their own risk STOP 
START blockade UNK can be stopped by UNK if necessary UNK and held at least temporarily STOP 
START they could be sent to u.s. UNK for UNK whether UNK should be UNK STOP 
START what could a blockade accomplish say the experts STOP 
START in a broad sense it would UNK the monroe doctrine by opposing communist interference in the western hemisphere STOP 
START it could by avoiding direct intervention provide a UNK strategy to meet UNK UNK STOP 
START primary target would be shipments of tanks guns UNK gasoline and ammunition coming from russia and UNK STOP 
START shipments of arms from western countries could similarly be seized as UNK STOP 
START in a total blockade action could also be taken against ships bringing in UNK oils textiles and even UNK STOP 
START at times three ships a day from the soviet UNK are UNK in cuban UNK STOP 
