START when the brown sharpe manufacturing company reached its UNK year as a going industrial concern during 1958 it became an almost unique institution in the mechanical world STOP 
START with its history standing UNK all but the very UNK of the industrial revolution brown sharpe has become over the years a singular monument to the mechanical UNK of its UNK joseph r. brown and a UNK UNK for precision and progress in UNK technology STOP 
START joseph r. brown grew up in the UNK and enterprise of new england between UNK and UNK STOP 
START he was early exposed to the mechanical world and in his youth often helped his father david brown master clock and UNK as he UNK his trade STOP 
START at the age of 17 he became an apprentice UNK at the shop of UNK harris in valley falls rhode island and following two or three other jobs in quick succession after graduation he went into business for himself in UNK making UNK and small tools STOP 
START this enterprise led to a UNK combination beginning in UNK under the name d. brown son a business which eventually grew into the modern corporation we now call brown sharpe STOP 
START the years of UNK partnership with his father were UNK STOP 
START in UNK a UNK fire UNK their small shop and soon thereafter david brown moved west to illinois settling on a land grant in his UNK years STOP 
START joseph brown continued in business by himself quickly UNK the establishment which had been lost in the fire and beginning those first steps which were to establish him as a pioneer in raising the standards of accuracy of machine shop practice throughout the world STOP 
START much of his genius of course sprang from his familiarity with clock movements STOP 
START during these early years the repair of UNK and UNK and the building of special UNK for church UNK formed an important part of the young man's occupation STOP 
START he became particularly interested in UNK and precision measurement during the UNK and his thinking along these lines developed considerably during this period STOP 
START but his business also grew and we are told that mr. brown found it increasingly difficult to devote as much time to his creative thinking as his UNK led him to desire STOP 
START it must have been with some pleasure and relief that on september 12 UNK joseph brown made the UNK entry in his job book in his UNK UNK style UNK sharpe came to work for me this day as an apprentice STOP 
START the young apprentice apparently did well by mr. brown for in the third year of his UNK UNK was offered a full partnership in the firm company became j. r. brown sharpe and entered into a new and important period of its development STOP 
START mr. UNK arrival in the business did indeed provide what mr. brown had most UNK time for UNK and the opportunity of carrying out in the back room those developments in precision graduation which most interested him at that time STOP 
START by UNK the new partnership announced the precision UNK UNK as the first fruit of their joint efforts STOP 
START the basic significance of this invention helped them to follow it rapidly in UNK by the development of a unique precision gear cutting and UNK engine STOP 
START that development in turn formed the foundation of still more significant UNK in later years in gear cutting in circular UNK in index UNK and in many other fields where accuracy was a UNK requirement STOP 
START throughout their careers both mr. brown and mr. sharpe were interested in the problem of setting up standards of measurement for the mechanical UNK STOP 
START several efforts were made in this direction and though not all of them survive to this day the brown sharpe wire UNK system was eventually adopted as the american standard and is still in common use today STOP 
START as one development followed another the company's reputation for precision in the UNK field brought it broader and broader opportunities for expansion in precision manufacture STOP 
START in UNK the partnership began manufacturing the UNK UNK UNK machine STOP 
START as the story goes mr. UNK who originally came from the back counties of the UNK of virginia saw an illustration in a magazine of the famous howe UNK machine STOP 
START curious as to what made it work he built a crude model of it in wood and filed a piece of steel until he succeeded in making a metal pickup for the thread enabling the crude machine to take UNK STOP 
START when he showed this model as his solution as to how the howe UNK machine operated he was told he was wrong and discovered to his UNK that the howe machine which was unknown to him in detail used two UNK while the one that he had UNK used only one STOP 
START thus was invented the single thread UNK machine which mr. UNK in partnership with mr. UNK decided to bring to brown sharpe with the proposal that the small company undertake its manufacture STOP 
START the new work was a UNK to the partnership not only for its own value but particularly for the stimulation it provided to the imagination of j. r. brown toward yet further developments for production equipment STOP 
START the UNK screw machine now known as the brown sharpe hand screw machine takes its UNK directly from mr. brown's efforts to introduce equipment to UNK the manufacture of the UNK machine STOP 
START mr. brown made important UNK to the arts in screw machine design by UNK improving the means for UNK the UNK by UNK automatic feeding devices for the stock and UNK tap and die UNK STOP 
START in UNK mr. brown's attention was called to yet another basic production problem the manufacture of twist UNK STOP 
START at that time during the civil war union UNK were being manufactured in providence and the UNK to drill them were being UNK with UNK files STOP 
START this process neither satisfied the urgent production UNK nor mr. brown's imagination of the possibilities in the situation STOP 
START the child of this problem was mr. brown's famous UNK no. 1 universal milling machine the UNK from which is UNK today's universal UNK milling machine used throughout the world STOP 
START the original machine bearing its famous UNK number is still on exhibition at the brown sharpe precision center in providence STOP 
START during the civil war period mr. brown also invented the brown sharpe formed tooth gear UNK a basic invention which ultimately UNK the world's gear manufacturing industry by changing its basic economics STOP 
START up until that time it had been possible to make UNK for making gear teeth but they were good for only one UNK STOP 
START as soon as the time came for UNK the precise form of the gear tooth was lost and a new UNK had to be made STOP 
START this process made the economical manufacture of UNK UNK until some way could be found to permit the repeated UNK of gear tooth UNK without the loss of the precision form STOP 
START mr. brown's invention achieved this and as a UNK formed the UNK of brown UNK position of leadership in the gear making equipment field which lasted until the UNK when UNK by other methods STOP 
START the UNK UNK as a common workshop tool also UNK much to j. r. brown STOP 
START although mr. brown was not himself its UNK it was a french idea it is typical that his intuition first conceived the importance of mass producing this basic tool for general use STOP 
START so it was that when mr. brown and mr. sharpe first saw the french tool on exhibition in paris in UNK they brought a sample with them to the united states and started brown sharpe in yet another field where it UNK its leadership to this day STOP 
START the final achievement of mr. brown's long and interesting mechanical career runs a close second in importance to his development of the universal milling machine STOP 
START that achievement was his creation of the universal UNK machine which made its appearance in UNK at the philadelphia UNK UNK STOP 
START this machine like its milling UNK was the UNK of a UNK used to this very day in precision UNK shops throughout the world STOP 
START along with j. r. brown's other major developments the universal UNK machine was UNK influential in setting the course of brown sharpe for many years to come STOP 
START following mr. brown's death there came forward in the brown sharpe organization many other men who contributed greatly to the development of the company STOP 
START one such man was samuel darling STOP 
START as head of the firm darling UNK mr. darling began by challenging brown sharpe to its UNK competition during the UNK and early UNK STOP 
START in UNK however a UNK was called between the companies and the partnership of darling brown sharpe was formed STOP 
START between that year and the buying out of mr. UNK interest in UNK a large portion of the company's precision tool business was carried out under the name of darling brown sharpe and to this day many old precision tools are in use still bearing that famous UNK STOP 
START perhaps the outstanding standard UNK of mr. brown's tradition for accuracy was mr. UNK j. UNK whose mechanical genius closely UNK that of mr. brown and whose particular UNK was the development of the UNK accurate measuring machinery that enabled brown sharpe to manufacture UNK and therefore its products with an accuracy UNK anything then available elsewhere in the world STOP 
START also important on the brown sharpe scene at the turn of the century was mr. UNK UNK works superintendent of the company from UNK to 1910 STOP 
START mr. UNK possessed remarkable talents for the leadership and development of men STOP 
START he was an ardent champion of the brown sharpe apprentice program and personal UNK to countless able men who first developed their industrial talents with the company STOP 
START in one sense it can be said that one of the most important brown sharpe products over the years has been the men who began work with the company and subsequently came to places of industrial UNK throughout the nation and even abroad STOP 
START UNK with the death of UNK sharpe in UNK the name of henry d. sharpe was for more than 50 years closely UNK with the destiny of the company STOP 
START during his presidency the company's physical plant was UNK expanded and the length and UNK of the brown sharpe machine tool line became the greatest in the world STOP 
START during the early part of this century the brown sharpe works in providence were UNK as the largest single manufacturing facility devoted exclusively to precision machinery and tool manufacture anywhere in the world STOP 
START during these years the company's product line followed the basic UNK laid down by mr. brown STOP 
START it expanded from hand screw machines to automatic screw machines from simple UNK gear cutting machines to gear UNK machines and a large contract gear manufacturing business from UNK UNK universal milling machines to a broad line of UNK controlled UNK and manufacturing type milling machines STOP 
START in the UNK machine field expansion went far from universal UNK alone and took in cylindrical UNK surface UNK and a wide variety of special and UNK models STOP 
START in 1951 henry d. sharpe jr. succeeded his father and continued the company's development as a major factor in the UNK equipment business STOP 
START the company is still UNK its line and is now active on four major UNK STOP 
START the machine tool division is currently producing brown sharpe single UNK automatic screw machines UNK machines of many types and knee and UNK milling machines STOP 
START recently added is the brown sharpe UNK UNK machine which UNK the company to an entirely new field of tool development STOP 
START in the industrial products division the company UNK and markets a wide line of precision UNK and inspection equipment UNK tools including UNK UNK UNK and UNK STOP 
START in the cutting tool division the principal products include a wide variety of high speed steel milling UNK end mills and UNK STOP 
